---
title: Cloud and DevOps
date: 2022-04-22
status: published
background: background goes here
introduction: introduction goes here
industries: [Healthcare, Telecom]
coverimage: https://res.cloudinary.com/lamcom/image/upload/v1661946521/lamhouse/icon/cloud-service_enexzc.png
author: "Lam House"
link: Readmore...
type: Event
tags:
  - Mobile Apps
  - Field data capture
  - Internet Of Things
---

Delivering good, quality content is just as important as the final website designs and animation aspects in a project. High quality content development comprises of several processes including researching, writing, organization and categorization of thoughts and ideas and editing information based on the audience and requirements. Our team of professional content writers ensure client approvals through their ease of words and artistic language skills.
<!--more-->

## Product Features

A team consisting of 13 Senior managers from Al Jabr Laundries (Saudi Arabia) took part of an intensive “on-the-job” Retail Textile Cleaning Workshop organized by CINET’s World of PTC – Business School Program in Ryiadh (Aug 23-28, 2019).

The entire group participated at practical assignments and the learning process during the week, for each of the 3 levels in the Business School curricula for Retail Textile Cleaning (RTC): Starters (Level C), Operational Excellence (Level B) and Management (Level A).

The learning process was coordinated by Mr. Wim Meijer, Senior Trainer RTC and it was followed by the final exams. The Al Jabr team passed successfully the exams, allowing each one of the trainees to obtain a “Master in PTC” Certificate for Retail Textile Cleaning.
